[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Jules
Verne once wrote
an extraordinary
story called "Journey
to the Center of the Earth."
It explored, of
course, an encounter
of prehistoric plants
inside of every vast cavern
within the planet.
With us today is Emery
Smith, who has personally
encountered exotic flora on
his own extraterrestrial and
inner-terrestrial adventures.
Emery, welcome to the program.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, George.
>>GEORGE: This has got to be
an amazing adventure for you,
to go inside the inner
Earth and then witness
vegetation, plants, animals that
you don't see anyplace else.
>>SMITH: Yeah, it's
quite amazing, especially
all of the different
diverse species of plants
that you would not normally
see on top of the Earth.
It's a whole new
ecosystem down there.
So you're looking at different
types of minerals and chemicals
that are down there
that will spawn
different types of plants and
funguses and things like this.
>>GEORGE: Are there trees and
vegetation and grass and things
like that?
>>SMITH: Yes, there's
complete forests down there
and many different types of
plants and vines and even
seaweed and things like this.
We always have to be
very careful, though,
with a lot of these things.
>>GEORGE: You're not a botanist.
But was one of your
missions to try
to explore the
kinds of vegetation
and the different kinds?
>>SMITH: Yeah, exactly.
I was part of a team
of about 15 people.
And we had experienced
very amazing adventures
that were also very dangerous.
Some of the plant life
there were carnivorous.
>>GEORGE: Like a Venus
flytrap, but bigger?
>>SMITH: Oh, a lot bigger.
>>GEORGE: Oh, really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: Rather than eat
flies, what do they eat?
>>SMITH: Well, there's
animals down there.
And they eat each other as well.
>>GEORGE: You saw this?
>>SMITH: Yes.
One of the most
amazing experiences
that I ever had on one of
these missions was this plant.
And it had a very
beautiful center.
>>GEORGE: How big was the plant?
>>SMITH: It looked like--
oh, it was probably
about 15 feet in diameter.
>>GEORGE: 15 feet?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
But it looked like those
agave plants, with the spikes.
>>GEORGE: Yeah.
>>SMITH: You know?
>>GEORGE: They're pretty.
>>SMITH: And then
a real pretty pink
or a purple flower in the
middle, like a lotus flower.
What you don't
understand is those
spikes are actually
tentacles, like on an octopus,
that can reach out to 50 feet--
>>GEORGE: And grab something?
>>SMITH: And grab you.
>>GEORGE: No.
>>SMITH: Yes.
And we had one of our
botanists get too close.
And these plants are spread out.
They're, like, a line,
saying, this is my territory.
>>GEORGE: Gosh.
>>SMITH: So one of our botanists
was just standing there.
And it just snapped
over, grabbed her legs,
and sucked her right in.
>>GEORGE: It pulled her in?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>GEORGE: Were you
able to pull her out?
>>SMITH: Yeah, we were able to
immediately cut the limb off.
The plant was so smart
because it has it,
like, motion sensors built
into it, not mechanical,
OK, that these other limbs
started to attack everyone.
>>GEORGE: Oh, my gosh.
>>SMITH: So it turned into
a bloodbath basically.
>>GEORGE: Did anybody
die from this?
>>SMITH: No one died.
I don't think-- the center of
this had some sort of liquid
in it, so--
>>GEORGE: Like an acid liquid?
>>SMITH: We measured it.
And later on, we found
out it was very acidic.
It would probably take
a long time to digest.
>>GEORGE: It literally
dissolves you away.
>>SMITH: Right.
It would dissolve everything.
And so it was a
very scary moment.
And--
>>GEORGE: Oh, my gosh.
>>SMITH: And this is where
some of the canine units
came in and were
helping us do this.
And we don't have
big machetes with us.
We have very small, you
know, eight-inch knives.
And the tentacles on
these things were like--
>>GEORGE: Like tree stumps.
>>SMITH: Yeah, like eight
inches, 12 inches thick.
And they go into--
they taper down into
a smaller thing.
>>GEORGE: As the longer it gets.
>>SMITH: Right, right.
But they can go up to 50 feet--
>>GEORGE: My gosh.
>>SMITH: --and snatch you.
So this poor woman,
screaming bloody murder.
And all the alarms
go off in our suits.
And you know, we know
exactly where this person is.
And by the time we get
over there, it already had,
like, a python wraps
around your body,
it already had
wrapped all the way up
to almost her
waist by that time.
>>GEORGE: Was it squeezing her?
>>SMITH: Yeah, it
was squeezing her.
But it got her.
She told us it got her
by her one ankle first.
So imagine standing there--
>>GEORGE: And you
get tripped up.
>>SMITH: You're
over here working
on taking a sample of a plant,
and someone just snatches you.
>>GEORGE: And pulls you along.
>>SMITH: And pulls you along.
And now you're going towards
this giant monster plant.
>>GEORGE: Was she
sucked into the plant?
Does she remember that?
>>SMITH: No, no, no.
We got there in time
where it was still, like,
coiling around it and
slowly retracting.
And that was the
other amazing thing.
Because these things were
only six or eight feet tall,
the actual stem.
But--
>>GEORGE: But 15 feet wide.
>>SMITH: But it can extend.
It can actually extend.
>>GEORGE: Is that how
it eats, basically?
>>SMITH: That's how it eats.
>>GEORGE: It grabs animals.
>>SMITH: It grabs animals,
grabs whatever walks by.
>>GEORGE: And then dissolves
them and then draws them
inside.
>>SMITH: And then slowly
dissolves them, you know,
in the center of this, of this--
>>GEORGE: How do we know that
it wasn't an animal as opposed
to a plant?
>>SMITH: Well, we took so many
samples of that plant that day.
We dug the whole thing up and
brought it all back with us.
And later on, we were
privy to the information--
because this was a first time
for this, for us to experience.
This plant was not
ever documented
on any other missions.
>>GEORGE: And who would
know, walking by it?
You probably look at it and
go, oh, what a gorgeous plant.
In you go.
>>SMITH: And then that's it.
And thank goodness, we
had the special equipment,
and everyone there, you
know, was so professional
and reacted so quickly.
>>GEORGE: Were there plants like
this all over the inner Earth?
>>SMITH: No, no, just in
this one pocket of the Earth.
>>GEORGE: Were there
normal looking plants too?
>>SMITH: But there is
a lot of them around.
So it was like a
field of these things.
>>GEORGE: Of this,
this kind of plant.
>>SMITH: Of this specific plant
on the outside of the forest.
You know how you see the
land in the salt flats, where
it's, like, crackly, you know?
So it was growing out of this,
this type of environment.
>>GEORGE: And they're
over the place.
>>SMITH: Well, they're only
on the outside of the forest.
But if you were to walk through
this little desert here--
>>GEORGE: Oh, you'd
get attacked, right?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
[STUTTERS]
>>GEORGE: They'd come
at you like crazy.
>>SMITH: That's it.
I mean, there would be no
way you could get away.
But what I found
interesting was that they
were giving each
other enough space,
however the seeds are put out.
>>GEORGE: For their
own little area.
>>SMITH: Right.
So that was pretty fascinating.
>>GEORGE: So the plants weren't,
like, fighting over one thing.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Or maybe one would grow up,
and it would just eat it,
and become the alpha plant.
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: Like, this is what--
so we studied this
for quite a long time.
But it was definitely a plant.
>>GEORGE: Are there
any plants like this
on the surface on Earth?
>>SMITH: No, not
that I'm aware of.
I mean, I know--
>>GEORGE: I've heard of
the little Venus flytraps.
>>SMITH: Like the Venus
flytrap, another one
with the sticky fingers.
I mean, other than
that, you know,
I don't know of anything--
I've never experienced
anything other than that.
>>GEORGE: This is more
frightening than looking
at creatures on the inner Earth.
>>SMITH: Oh, my goodness.
>>GEORGE: I mean, my
gosh, a plant like that.
>>SMITH: This was a very
misleading, number one,
because of the size.
>>GEORGE: Can you
imagine the death,
your death inside that plant?
>>SMITH: Slowly.
>>GEORGE: Slowly and horrendous.
>>SMITH: Yes, like burning,
you know, from your feet
all the way up to your
head, slowly dissolving.
>>GEORGE: Did you see anything
else like this down there?
>>SMITH: Yeah, we
did see a plant
with a type of animal in
it that was digesting it.
>>GEORGE: It had already
captured an animal.
>>SMITH: It had
already captured it.
>>GEORGE: My god.
Now, what kind of
plant was this?
>>SMITH: And it had the
most-- the same plant, just
it was farther down the road.
>>GEORGE: Same plant,
though, exactly the same.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And it was kind of
like a giant rabbit,
like if you cross a
deer with a rabbit,
but without the antlers.
But it was already
kind of half dissolved.
And we did take
specimens of that
and destroyed that
plant as well.
Anyway, so that was, like, one
of the most horrific things
I've ever seen on
these missions.
>>GEORGE: Some
scientists, Emery,
have said that plants have
the capability of reason
on the surface.
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
>>GEORGE: There
have been studies--
and this is an
incredible story--
of a guy who put two plants
in a room with electrodes
attached to the plants.
He sent a guy into the
room to kill and destroy
one of the plants.
And he did.
He tore it up, ripped it
to shreds, everything else.
And he had electrodes
on the other plant.
And the electrodes would go
up and down, like, you know,
because it was witnessing the
other plant getting killed.
The guy left the room.
Another guy came in, and
the plant's electrodes
were constant, you know,
just [HUMS CONSTANT TONE]..
The other guy came
back in the room,
the one who ripped up the
plant, and the electrodes
went [IMITATES ALARM].
>>SMITH: That's right.
>>GEORGE: It had the
ability to reason.
Do you think these plants
on the inner Earth--
>>SMITH: I think every--
>>GEORGE: --have that
kind of mind power.
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
I believe in this
theory, very much so.
Even, like, cutting grass,
they've done studies, you know?
I mean, they have
emotion, you know.
We've done studies of talking to
plants and treating them well.
And you know, I talk
to all my plants.
>>GEORGE: What are
psychoactive plants?
What does that mean?
>>SMITH: On inner
Earth, you have
to be very careful, especially
if you don't have a helmet,
because there could be a leaf.
There could be a vine.
There could be something
that looks like a potato,
you know, hanging somewhere.
And you're going to want--
or a piece of fruit.
>>GEORGE: You think
you can eat it.
>>SMITH: And you think maybe I
should harvest this, you know.
And if you don't know what
it is, you better be careful.
Because some of these
are like grenades,
and they'll just explode.
>>GEORGE: With poison?
Are they poisonous?
>>SMITH: Just getting near it.
Like I said, they
have sensitivity.
These things have these little
cilia hairs all over them.
And they have a sensitivity.
And they can pick up on
your electromagnetic field.
>>GEORGE: And attack you.
>>SMITH: Right.
And it'd blow up, and this gas
comes out, and you're done.
>>GEORGE: Sheesh.
So you they have poisonous gas.
They are poisonous to eat.
How dangerous are these things?
They're everywhere
down there then.
>>SMITH: Well, no,
there's also good stuff.
There's good medicinal plants.
>>GEORGE: How do you know?
>>SMITH: Well, we're trying
to slowly do a database on it.
And you know, we lose people
on the way doing this.
This is quite an
extreme adventure.
It's not just fun and games.
It's a very serious thing.
Because one wrong step,
and then someone is--
the mission's almost canceled.
>>GEORGE: I would agree.
>>SMITH: You know,
we have to be very
careful of every little thing.
Even a blade of grass
that we're not aware of
could be a sinkhole.
>>GEORGE: Well, let's get
back to psychoactive again.
So what exactly is that?
>>SMITH: Well,
psychoactive plants,
if you were to breathe
them or eat them,
will make you hallucinate.
>>GEORGE: We have that
here on the surface.
>>SMITH: Right.
Well, it's the same
thing down there.
There's different types of
fungi that are down there.
They have mushrooms
down there as well,
just like we have
mushrooms up here.
>>GEORGE: You got to be
careful which ones you eat.
>>SMITH: Yeah, and
which ones you step on.
It's the same kind of
situation down there.
It's just different species.
A lot of different species.
>>GEORGE: But they
seem more extreme.
>>SMITH: They are--
they're very extreme.
But they have studied
these different types
of plants that have these
psychoactive capabilities.
And it's very
similar to the stuff
that we have here
on the surface.
>>GEORGE: Well, like, this
plant that was sucking
in the botanist--
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: If she had a knife on
her and stabbed the tentacle,
would the plant react to
it almost like an ouch
and let go of her?
Or what would happen?
>>SMITH: This plant
definitely did not.
Because we were
stabbing it, and--
>>GEORGE: Nothing happened.
>>SMITH: It kept attacking us.
So it was definitely
going to win.
>>GEORGE: So it didn't recoil.
It kept coming at you?
>>SMITH: Yes, it was going--
this what it does.
I mean, there was no way
that this conscious plant
was going to give up because
this is what it does.
It's like jumping
in an alligator pit.
And you know, you're
asking for it.
>>GEORGE: Yeah.
>>SMITH: So this thing
was not stopping.
And she didn't have enough
time to grab her knife.
It was so quick.
And you know, it left
marks on the ground
where she was
trying to get away.
But luckily, we were all within
100 yards or so and ran in.
And we all just started
basically cutting the limbs off
of this plant.
>>GEORGE: The willow bark
of a tree on the surface
is the derivative of aspirin.
That's how they got aspirin,
from the willow tree.
Do you have things like
that in the inner Earth
where maybe there's a cure
for cancer down there?
>>SMITH: Oh, absolutely.
I think many pharmaceuticals
have been reverse engineered
from samples that have
come from inner Earth.
There was many plants there
that we are very well aware of.
>>GEORGE: That we
don't have on top.
>>SMITH: That we
don't have on top,
that are excellent for
anti-microbial effects.
We also have plants
down there that they
have found that destroy tumors
and cancers and all sorts
of very positive, very,
very positive things.
But they are all kind
of connected too, which
is another interesting
thing they've
been doing is connecting the
plants together, like you said,
with electrodes and
weird stuff like that,
and sending these special deep--
these giant rods that
they drill into the ground
that measure frequencies
of the plants in that area.
>>GEORGE: Emery, you have
said on previous programs
that there also was an
extraterrestrial presence
in the inner Earth,
that we've been visited,
that there's craft there.
Might they have also brought
their own types of plants
and vegetation?
>>SMITH: Sure.
I believe a lot of these
under Earth biospheres
have been seeded by
extraterrestrial life.
Because we have found pieces
of extraterrestrial devices
and different types of
tablets and writings.
We've seen carvings
on the rock walls
that were done not
by a knife but maybe
like a laser or something.
>>GEORGE: So could
those carnivorous plants
have been ET-type plants?
>>SMITH: Yeah, they probably
were placed around an area
that they needed protected
probably, I was thinking.
Like, if I had a castle,
I'd put these things
all the way around it.
Screw the alligators.
>>GEORGE: Yeah, but they'd
come after you too one day.
>>SMITH: Well, maybe not.
>>GEORGE: You got to be 50 feet
away from each one of them.
>>SMITH: Maybe not.
Maybe if you had their DNA,
they wouldn't touch you.
>>GEORGE: Could they--
would they reason?
Do they have reason?
>>SMITH: Well, it's been proven
many times over in the labs
that I've worked
with that if you
have the same DNA
on an ET or a plant
or an animal that's aggressive
that it will not attack you.
>>GEORGE: Have you
studied these plants,
where you dissected them
and things like that?
>>SMITH: Oh, yes, yes,
I was part of that.
>>GEORGE: Did you
see anything unusual?
What did you come across?
>>SMITH: Well, the most
unusual thing was inside,
they had veins and arteries.
>>GEORGE: Like we do.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And it was milk.
It was pure, white,
milky substances.
And it was full of cells,
kind of like our cells,
like our red blood cells.
>>GEORGE: Like our blood cells.
>>SMITH: And then--
but I never was
able to be part of a team that
tested the milky substance.
I was there to extract it.
>>GEORGE: Which sounds like
blood almost, like, to a plant.
>>SMITH: It did.
It looked like it was
basically-- it was bleeding.
>>GEORGE: Can you eat
any of this stuff?
>>SMITH: Yeah, there are many
plants that they have brought
back that, through the
knowledge of extraterrestrials,
and also testing the
nutrient density--
many tests are done are done
on all the different fruits
and neat things.
>>GEORGE: But you've
eaten some of them.
>>SMITH: And I've eaten
a couple of things.
>>GEORGE: Did you ever get sick?
>>SMITH: No, no.
No.
>>GEORGE: It was
like a super food?
>>SMITH: Well, there was one,
they called the little bit.
And it looked like
a egg-shaped--
a small watermelon.
And it tasted like a
mixture between a blueberry
and a watermelon.
>>GEORGE: That's a good taste.
>>SMITH: Yeah, we
call it the bit.
>>GEORGE: The bit?
>>SMITH: Yeah, we
call it the bit.
And it looks like a giant--
what do you call it--
an ostrich egg size.
>>GEORGE: OK.
>>SMITH: And it's blue.
And it tastes like watermelon
and blueberries mixed together.
And it has a peel on it,
like a very thin skin.
>>GEORGE: Interesting taste.
>>SMITH: And soon as you
barely open it up, it's very--
pulpy-- they're
pulpy very, very--
yeah, very beautiful
smell, like a rose.
>>GEORGE: And it tastes good.
>>SMITH: And it tastes amazing.
>>GEORGE: Have you eaten a
plant from the inner Earth
that didn't taste good?
>>SMITH: No.
No.
Nothing.
There's, like,
types of vegetables.
There's types of
fruits that you--
>>GEORGE: Do they have,
like, cherry trees and things
like that?
>>SMITH: Yeah, there's
trees with fruits on them,
all sorts of sizes and different
sorts of classifications.
And of course, there's
also poisonous fruits.
>>GEORGE: Well, that's true.
You've got to be
careful what you eat.
Have we been able to
take any of these plants
and plant them here on the
top, to replicate them?
>>SMITH: Well, they have a
whole huge underground facility
that just does that only.
And not--
>>GEORGE: Underground.
>>SMITH: Yeah, on a
military facility, yeah.
Well, not military,
>>GEORGE: Oh, you mean like
in a underground bunker?
>>SMITH: Well, no, I'm talking
about in our facilities
that I worked in.
>>GEORGE: OK.
>>SMITH: They have huge
areas where they just
grow things from unEarth
or from Middle Earth.
And they even have
it in the cafeteria
where they can 3D print
the extraterrestrial fruit,
or the inner Earth fruit.
>>GEORGE: Why don't they
grow them on the surface?
Are they afraid
of contamination?
>>SMITH: Well, if
you look closely,
there's a lot of
hybridization going on.
They started mixing
things together.
You know, you see
broccolini now.
You see all these
different things.
They're mixing broccoli
with cauliflower.
They're mixing-- all these
different vegetables are coming
out where they're
splicing the genes
and making a new type of seed,
like a seedless watermelon.
How do you do that?
OK?
So we have the ability already
to take vegetables and fruits
and crossbreed them.
And hybridization of
fruits and vegetables
have been done forever.
And they're doing that now.
And I believe they
are maybe putting
some of these things coming from
underground with the vegetables
that I see recently
at the produce market.
>>GEORGE: You might be right.
You may be absolutely right.
And also, there may be
pharmaceutical reasons
for keeping all this quiet.
Maybe there are cures
for incredible diseases
down there, Emery.
And big industry and
big pharma doesn't
want us to know about it.
Is that possible?
>>SMITH: Well, who
pays us to do these?
These compartmentalized projects
are paid by big pharma--
>>GEORGE: Oh, really?
>>SMITH: --and are paid
by other corporations.
>>GEORGE: Organizations
and things.
>>SMITH: The big ones,
the big corporations.
>>GEORGE: And they
want the secrets.
>>SMITH: So yeah, they want
the secrets, of course.
So we have special
teams that go in.
And you know, the funding
for this, we found out later,
does come from these giant
megalithic corporations.
>>GEORGE: In addition to
the fruit that you had,
which you said was
pretty good, did you
have anything else,
nuts, anything like that?
>>SMITH: Yeah, there was this
amazing walnut-type-looking
thing.
And it was a seed.
But it was a big nut.
And it was woven inside.
It had all these
nice weaves in it.
>>GEORGE: And you just
pick pieces off it?
>>SMITH: Yeah, you could
eat the whole thing.
But the inside was the
best, these little strings
back and forth.
It was like a pretty--
like a piece of art.
Like, it reminded me
of someone carving
something out of something
and then hanging it up
as an ornament.
>>GEORGE: And you just
break a piece off?
>>SMITH: Yeah, you just
break a piece off and eat it.
>>GEORGE: How'd it taste?
>>SMITH: Oh, it tasted
like a pistachio kind of.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And the other thing is,
when we measured this food
for nutrient density
testing and things,
we found that it
had more nutrients
than a normal
comparable Earth good.
>>GEORGE: I get it.
OK.
Much more protein
and things like that.
>>SMITH: This
extraterrestrial food, right.
And it was a higher
grade of bioavailability
of whatever that nutrient was.
So it was, like, 10 to
100 times more nutrient
in a smaller density package.
>>GEORGE: That's fascinating.
>>SMITH: And so I
think there is a lot
of medical benefits to
these fruits and nuts
and things like this for humans.
And I know big pharma
knows about it for sure.
>>GEORGE: Oh, of course.
>>SMITH: You know?
And they probably don't
want that to get out,
because that'll
make us too healthy.
>>GEORGE: What are
the possibilities
that we've been contaminated
from outer space
on the surface, for example,
with vegetation, seeds,
that somehow they blew here on
a meteor or something like that?
Possible?
>>SMITH: Well, right.
I mean, this is
where, you know, I
believe mushrooms came
from and funguses.
I believe a lot of
plants and things
like that have fallen and have
come here from outer space
or seeded here from space.
>>GEORGE: Good ones or bad ones?
>>SMITH: Both,
both good and bad.
The truth to that is, yes,
that has definitely happened.
And sometimes when we have
collected space debris
and bring it back, it goes
through a special process.
>>GEORGE: Of contamination?
>>SMITH: Of decontamination.
But we actually-- we
don't decontaminate it.
We don't want to kill
anything that's on it.
We actually flush it.
>>GEORGE: You want it.
>>SMITH: And we save what come--
let's just say we save
what goes down the drain.
And then we look at
that under a microscope.
And then we say, well,
look at this new cell.
What is this cell?
What's the DNA
structure of this cell?
You know, is this good?
Is it bad?
Where'd it come from?
It was in space,
for god's sakes.
>>GEORGE: So you've been
studying this for a long time.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: Are there
guidelines set up
so you folks know exactly
what to do and what not to do?
>>SMITH: Oh, my
goodness, there's
so many guidelines
and so many protocols.
It is a military-type,
organized team,
or a scientific
organized team that
has to follow special protocols
and directions for safety.
Because you could bring back--
you could bring back something--
>>GEORGE: This could be
the Andromeda strain.
>>SMITH: When you come back,
the first thing they put us in
is a big vacu seal
spray down container,
like you see in the movies
with the people that
get radiation poisoning.
And then--
>>GEORGE: Spray you down.
>>SMITH: And then we
have to sit for eight
hours in another container
where they monitor us.
>>GEORGE: Just to make
sure that you're clean.
>>SMITH: And then they have to
body scan us, each one of us,
before we even leave this
thing to make sure we're not--
we didn't bring
anything back inside.
>>GEORGE: How about yourself?
Did you ever get really sick?
>>SMITH: No, no.
I've got a vertigo
a couple of times.
But you know, nothing serious.
>>GEORGE: What
would you say would
be the most spectacular
vegetation you've
seen in the inner Earth?
Would it be that
carnivorous plant?
>>SMITH: Yeah, that was a very--
>>GEORGE: That was it.
>>SMITH: That was it.
I've never seen
something so intelligent.
And it could pick up on
your electromagnetic field.
>>GEORGE: Thinking back
retrospectively now,
did it act like it had a brain?
>>SMITH: It was conscious.
And it knew you were
there obviously.
>>GEORGE: Well, that
tells you something.
>>SMITH: So did I have
a conversation with it?
No, I didn't.
>>GEORGE: But if it could talk,
the stories it could tell.
>>SMITH: Probably.
[LAUGHS]
>>GEORGE: 15 feet wide?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: That's huge.
That's half the
size of this studio.
>>SMITH: Oh, indeed.
But these branches were
the most incredible thing.
Because you would never
think it could extend.
>>GEORGE: Did they coil up?
I mean, how did they--
>>SMITH: No, they
actually just extend.
It's like more of a cone.
>>GEORGE: And it
just comes out it?
>>SMITH: It just
comes right out.
>>GEORGE: And then
they come back in too?
>>SMITH: And it's got all
these little bumps on it.
And that's what, like--
these little--
>>GEORGE: It grabs you.
>>SMITH: It's kind of
like having fingerprints.
>>GEORGE: Are they suction cups?
>>SMITH: No.
No, it wasn't like that.
It just had, like I said, a lot
of ridges in it for grasping.
And a few-- yeah, and it
had a red center to it.
So it was green on the
outside but red on the inside.
So if you would turn
this thing and look
at it all the way around,
it had a color change to it.
>>GEORGE: And what about
the other gases that some
of these plants emitted?
You said that one had a
poisonous gas, if you got too
close, it would shoot at you.
What other things were
out there like that?
>>SMITH: Well, there was a
lot of, like, just plants that
looked like normal
flowers, let's say,
ones that looked like
giant sunflowers that
gave off an odor, just an odor.
And the odor alone would make
you unconscious if you walk--
>>GEORGE: Knock you right out?
>>SMITH: It would just
knock you right out.
>>GEORGE: Wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
But it wasn't carnivorous.
>>GEORGE: It wouldn't eat you.
>>SMITH: No.
I think it was a self--
>>GEORGE: It knocks you
out, then it eats you.
>>SMITH: Well, no.
It didn't do it.
It would knock you.
But I think was a
self-defense mechanism it just
had built into it to protect its
area of just surviving there.
And then there was the vine,
so I was telling you about.
They have these things
on them, you know.
And if you get too close, they
would just explode and emit
this horrible gas.
And you'd be knocked out.
>>GEORGE: Gosh.
>>SMITH: And so going walking
anywhere in the jungle,
or into the forest,
or even in the desert,
it was very dangerous.
You might see a
little blade of grass.
>>GEORGE: And bend
down to smell it.
>>SMITH: And bend down.
And underneath, there's a
30-foot-wide creature there.
>>GEORGE: Yeah.
>>SMITH: You know?
And we have sensors,
special motion sensors,
that are built into
our suits and that
come with the dogs
and everything,
so if something starts
moving somewhere, especially
on the ground, these things go
off and pinpoint it immediately
on our map.
>>GEORGE: Just to protect you.
>>SMITH: Just so
we know, oh, there
might be something
underground over here.
We had an amazing plant
that we came upon.
It was so beautiful.
And we didn't think, actually,
it was a plant because it
looked like a crystal.
>>GEORGE: Like a crystal
we would see here, right?
>>SMITH: Yeah, well, no,
like limbs and leaves.
And when you look up close at
them, they're all crystals.
>>GEORGE: Huh.
But it was a plant?
>>SMITH: But it was a plant.
But it did have a stem.
And it had, you know,
no flowers on it
or anything like that, but
all these beautiful colored
crystals.
>>GEORGE: That's literally
growing crystals.
>>SMITH: Like, growing crystals,
but it still had a stem,
and it still had plant cells.
But it was made up of crystals
on the outside of the plant.
So the plant was, emanating,
probably, like a sap maybe.
We were trying to
think of what this
could have been because I was
not part of the project when
they took it back to be--
>>GEORGE: That's amazing.
>>SMITH: --to find out.
But it was just so beautiful.
And it wasn't
poisonous, we found out.
But it was this beautiful bush.
>>GEORGE: Why would
you say the plants
on the inner Earth
would be so different
than the plants on the surface?
>>SMITH: I mean, that
is a great question.
Because it has to do with the
mineral content of inner Earth.
It's different.
There's different
chemicals in there.
>>GEORGE: All right.
>>SMITH: There's
different minerals.
There's different
crystalline structures
that are under the ground there,
that help emit positive energy
to change plants, make
plants look different,
make them taste different,
make them grow different.
Because crystals are alive.
We're crystalline
structure ourselves.
Our DNA on a small
scale is what?
We're crystal.
So it's neat to see all
of these cool new things
down there and understanding
that, man, they
got some really good fertilizer
to sit around in this place.
>>GEORGE: What has been
reverse engineered from plants
that you might know of?
>>SMITH: Well, most
pharmaceuticals are plant-based
or what we call
recombinantly made.
And that means taking
plants and, just
like in the old days
in Chinese medicine,
smashing them up and
mixing them into teas
and seeing what helps what.
>>GEORGE: But we've done
that with these plants.
>>SMITH: And we have done
that with these plants
or parts of the plant.
Many advancements in
not only big pharma
but in materials
themselves have come
from other extraterrestrial
origins and inner Earth
origins.
So that tells you right there,
maybe the suit we're wearing
could have had something to
do with the fabric of a leaf.
>>GEORGE: Kevlar.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>GEORGE: Maybe.
>>SMITH: Maybe.
And like the bulletproof
leaf that we have acquired,
there was another
amazing type of leaf
that we found out
that was UV resistant.
And it's kind of an iridescent
leaf that light cannot go
through it, not the
brightest light in the world.
>>GEORGE: Make sunglasses
out of this thing, huh?
>>SMITH: I mean, well,
you couldn't because you
couldn't see through it.
It was that thick.
>>GEORGE: Oh, it
was that thick, OK.
>>SMITH: So they have
come up with a paint now.
It's called-- no,
no, it's called--
I'll just say super black.
And this black
paint, when put up,
or when the sun shines
on it, it absorbs it.
You can't see it.
Many of these
technologies have risen
from the advancements of
bringing these plants back
to the surface of the Earth.
>>GEORGE: But some of these
technologies came from ETs too,
didn't they?
>>SMITH: They sure did.
>>GEORGE: Are they different,
the technologies that ET plants
are?
>>SMITH: Well, I think
they're also a hybridization.
You know, plants
intermingle, interpollinate.
So the answer to that
is, yes, yes, and yes.
Because they did come from
somewhere, from inner Earth
or from another planet.
>>GEORGE: Genetically altered.
>>SMITH: And genetically altered
and regenetically altered,
and regenetically altered.
So it's an ongoing process
of the plants coming from all
over.
They're seeding here, just
like we were seeded here.
>>GEORGE: Emery, how
have we benefited
from all these
incredible plants that
either came from ET
technology or were
part of the inner Earth?
>>SMITH: Look at all of the
new pharmaceuticals coming out.
Look at how they're
investigating and approving
plants that were not approved
before, like marijuana.
All these things are all
linked to inner Earth
and extraterrestrial-type--
>>GEORGE: Flora.
>>SMITH: --flora.
They're just now
admitting in Oregon
that they're going to
start approving psilocybin
from mushrooms.
>>GEORGE: That's right.
>>SMITH: And that's an
extraterrestrial, you know,
fungus.
So we're benefiting
because everyone now
is trying to get on board
and test these things
the right way,
doing white papers,
getting patients, instead
of just saying, well,
this, this, we can't use
this, we can't use that.
>>GEORGE: But how
do we know, though,
that the ET technology and the
plants from the inner Earth
are working to help us?
Do you have inside
information to that?
>>SMITH: Well, I just
know that the ETs
have seeded the Earth with
many plants a long time ago.
>>GEORGE: To help us.
>>SMITH: To help us.
And this has been
proven over 3,000 years
of Chinese herbal medicine.
And that's where I'm trying
to get everyone to go,
to get off of, you know, big
pharma, which is chemicals.
Because really, they
just took the same plant
that the Chinese used
for your cough medicine,
and then they added a
bunch of chemicals to it
and sell it at the
shelf at the drugstore.
And we don't need all that extra
stuff, which dumbs us down.
It also makes us even more sick.
You know, when I was speaking
with big pharma and all
the bigwigs, once
I said, well, you
know we need to do
is you need to have
an apothecary at
every drugstore.
Because if you're so
conscious that the body,
if it had a choice-- which
you don't get a choice.
You have to take this pill.
Because that's the
only pill you can take.
But if you had a choice
to take this pill
or this natural pill--
>>GEORGE: Go for the natural.
>>SMITH: --your
body and the plant
that's in there will
communicate with you,
and you'll pick the right one.
And they're going to do
it because they're going
get to charge an extra 1% more.
>>GEORGE: Emery, thanks for
being on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>SMITH: Thanks for
having me, George.
>>GEORGE: I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Next season on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Now the security guard walked
in the door with a sidearm.
He didn't point it.
It was just that
he had ammunition
within sight of a Grey.
And they killed him instantly.
>> We can make a
jumbo jet in the air,
and you guys would all
believe it's a real jumbo jet.
It could even cast a shadow.
So we've used 3D holographic
imaging in the projects
for 20, 30 years.
>> There is so much
secret stuff going on.
It's just unfathomable.